This is the homepage of our app where you can see the timer and the input fieldsto enter the information of your task. You can choose the type of the task[点击work], add notes[输入CSE110Project]as well as your estimate of the number of pomos[展示点击番茄的效果然后点击自定义按钮输入5]youare going to spend on the task. You can choosethecorresponding numberoftomato icons or specify the number yourself. Before we start, we can also play some music[播放音乐]Once you enter all the information you can just click start tostart the timer[点击start].Once the timer started, you can seethere is a progressbar below the timer that indicates the number of pomos you have finishedand you goal. Andbelow the progress bardisplayssome random inspirationalquotesfrom our app’s library.The timer also has a filling effect that shows the progress of the current pomo.You can stop the music[stop music] anytime. You can also abort the current cycle and go back to the main page.[go back][start again]The default period of a pomo is 25 minutes. After each 25 minute pomoyou finish, you will get a 5 minute short break. And after every 4 pomos, you will get a 15-minute long break.Once you finishyour goals, the summary of current task that displays the your task’s information appears. Now we can go back the homepage. [go back to home page] to start a new task.We also have a settings menu for more customization.Click the setting button and the menu will pop up where you can adjust the lengthof the focus periodand break period. You can also change the language to Chinese. Click confirm and the settings will apply. [change language to Chineseconfirm].[change back]There is also an about page [click about] where you can see some introduction to the pomodoro technique. And there is also some introduction of ourteam and how to contact us.Thatisthe complete instruction to use our PomoTracker app, Thank you!
